
`iv-oracle:Begin a Session|73|Unexpected return of an enemy or threat|move.oracle_rollable:starforged/session/begin_a_session.begin_a_session` 

"Bones, what is it?"

"Bad news, boss.  One of our crews was coming back from a raid when they got attacked by Ascendancy ships."

"Who won?"

"We did, but we lost two ships to their six.  Do you think they followed us?"

"They're all over the sector, it could just be a random attack.  Still, this place clearly isn't as safe as we thought.  I'm going to talk to the senior captains about going back to our original position - there were better pickings there and if we can somehow get a dreadnought of our own and upgrade the station's stationary cannons, we should be able to repel their attack if it comes."

"Stealing a dreadnought isn't going to be easy."

"Nothing ever is, lad."

`iv-meter:Momentum|7|8` 

---

`iv-track-create:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md` 

Jett, Asha and Eris set out to search for Tomiko.  They use the most up to date rumors about the exoplanet to find a starting point, and then follow a standard search pattern.

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|6|3|0|6|10|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|0|4|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|35|Planet|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 
`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Peril|49|Nearby settlement calls for help|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/peril` 

`iv-oracle:Location|67|Orbital|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/location` 
`iv-oracle:Settlement Name|52|Mudd|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/name` 
`iv-oracle:Settlement Trouble|38|Hazardous environment|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/trouble` 
`iv-oracle:Expanse|64|Hundreds|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/population/expanse` 

At their first jump, The Irony receives a distress call from a nearby settlement.  Jett hails them.

"This is The Irony, what seems to be the problem?"

"We need help evacuating the station.  There are periodic plasma waves emanating from the surface of the planet, they're battering the station.  It's going to come apart - we need to get out of here."

"How many of you are there?"

"A couple of hundred."

"We're only a multipurpose ship, we don't have room for that many."

"Our own ships are ferrying people to safety, but we don't know if they'll get everyone off in time.  If you could help save just a few you'd be helping to precent a disaster."

"Fine, we'll help.  I'll drop as many survivors off as I can at Lodestar Station, you can pick them up from there when you get the chance."

Jett flies to the station and loads up on refugees - he manages to fit 25 people inside The Irony, but it's cramped and there's standing room only.  Fortunately, it's only one jump.  The e-drive charges and he leaps back to Lodestar Station where the refugees disembark.  After charging the e-drive he jumps back to Mudd.

>Has Mudd been destroyed?  `iv-oracle:50/50|76|No|move.oracle_rollable:starforged/fate/ask_the_oracle.fifty_fifty` 
>Are there more refugees?  `iv-oracle:50/50|94|No|move.oracle_rollable:starforged/fate/ask_the_oracle.fifty_fifty` 

Mudd is still in once piece when Jett gets back.  A number of small ships are in dock.  Mudd hails The Irony.

"We should be able to get everyone off, thanks to you.  We'll send a ship to Lodestar Station to pick up the others once we're clear.  Is there anything we can do to repay you?"

"We're looking for a miner called Tomiko Kaan, if you can tell us anything about her we'd appreciate it."

>Does he know anything?  `iv-oracle:50/50|87|No|move.oracle_rollable:starforged/fate/ask_the_oracle.fifty_fifty` 

"Sorry, I don't think she ever came our way.  Wish I could be more help."

"That's ok, it was a long shot anyway.  Stay safe," says Jett.  He closes the channel and gets ready to jump.

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|6|3|0|4|9|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|4|8|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|96|Planet, Settlement|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 

`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Peril|89|Troubling visions or apparitions|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/peril` 

`iv-oracle:Location|74|Orbital|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/location` 
`iv-oracle:Expanse|27|Dozens|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/population/expanse` 

Their next jump brings them out at a gas giant with a small orbital settlement.  The planet's swirling clouds are moving, and anguished faces can be seen in the patterns.  These images keep resolving and dissolving, but they're always recognizable faces and they always seem to be in pain.

"Do we really want to get involved in whatever's going on here?" asks Asha.

"I thought as someone with an interest in magic, you'd be intrigued by something like this," says Jett.

"I'm interested in combining magic and science, this place gives me the creeps."

"The settlement might have information on Tomiko.  We should at least hail them," says Jett.

`iv-move:Explore a Waypoint|Wits|2|3|0|1|2|move:starforged/exploration/explore_a_waypoint`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|8|12|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Settlement Name|39|Kepler|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/name`  `iv-oracle:Name tags|3|Depot|oracle_rollable:starforged/settlement/name_tags` 

"Kepler Depot, this is The Irony.  We're out here looking for a Tomiko Kaan, has she been by here?"

"The diamond lady?  Yeah she stops by every now and then.  Just stares down at the planet for a few hours then leaves again."

"Any idea where she goes?"

"No, she keeps her cards pretty close to her chest.  I think she's worried someone else will get to the planet first."

"Ok, thanks.  What's the deal with the planet down there?"

"The faces?  That's what we're here to research.  If you look long enough, you'll see your own face show up.  It's pretty disturbing, we have no idea how it works though."

"Freaky."

"You get used to it.  Good luck on your search."  The call ends.

"Well, at least we know we're headed in the right direction," says Eris.

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|4|3|0|7|5|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|12|16|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|15|Stellar Object|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 
`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Peril|10|Contagion or illness threatens to take hold|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/peril` 

Asha notices a strange rash is spreading on her leg.  Jett takes her to the medbay and takes a look at the rash.

`iv-move:Heal|Wits|2|3|0|2|7|move:starforged/recover/heal`  `iv-meter:Momentum|8|6` 

It's space pox - Jett is able to heal it but then has to spend time decontaminating the entire ship in case any traces of the disease are lingering to cause another infection.  This done, they jump again.

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|5|3|0|9|4|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|16|20|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|96|Debris field: Mineral asteroids, Descriptor + Focus|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 
`iv-oracle:Descriptor|56|Inaccessible|oracle_rollable:starforged/core/descriptor`  `iv-oracle:Focus|96|Viewpoint|oracle_rollable:starforged/core/focus` 

`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Peril|43|Meteoroid storm fills the sky|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/peril` 

They come out of warp in an asteroid field.  The asteroids are tightly packed, making it hard to see very far in any direction.  The field is being pelted by meteoroids, but Jett is unable to see them and try to dodge them as they come in.  He does his best to stay behind the cover of the asteroids while the e-drive recharges, using the scanners as a guide for how best to position the ship to shield it from damage.

`iv-move:Face Danger|Wits|6|3|0|4|7|move:starforged/adventure/face_danger`  `iv-meter:Momentum|6|7` 

They manage to avoid any impacts and jump away cleanly.

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|2|3|0|7|4|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|20|24|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|95|Large rogue asteroid, Planet, Planet, Creature, Stellar Object, Planet|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 

`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Peril|63|Phantom signals suggest a lurking foe|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/peril` 

They come out of warp to find a large stellar system with several planets and a rogue asteroid.

"Something else is out there," says Eris "I can sense some kind of signal interference but I can't get a lock on what's causing it."

Jett and Asha look at their screens.

`iv-oracle:Scale|6|Tiny (rodent-sized)|oracle_rollable:starforged/creature/scale` 
`iv-oracle:Space|66|Octopoid / tentacled|oracle_rollable:starforged/creature/basic_form/space` 
`iv-oracle:Creature First Look|46|Feathered|oracle_rollable:starforged/creature/first_look` 
`iv-oracle:Encountered Behavior|15|Camouflager|oracle_rollable:starforged/creature/encountered_behavior` 

"I can't see anything," says Jett.

"If there's anything out there it's either cloaked or too small for our sensors to pick up," says Asha.

>Do the creatures attack the ship?

`iv-oracle:50/50|56|No|move.oracle_rollable:starforged/fate/ask_the_oracle.fifty_fifty` 

They continue to receive ghost signals as the e-drive recharges, but they never get to the bottom of what's causing it.

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|2|3|0|3|3|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|24|28|formidable|1` 

`iv-oracle:Spaceborne Opportunity|82|Probe or beacon with useful data|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/opportunity` 

At their next stop, they find a broken probe.  They bring it aboard and scan its data.

"The probe was programmed to search for exoplanets, then return to a set of coordinates, but the memory banks have been damaged and the coordinates have been lost," says Eris.

"This must be one of Tomiko's drones," says Jett.  "What else does it say?"

"The ship it belongs to is called the Golden Lyre.  It left the ship recently; we must be getting close."

"Try and get whatever navigation data you can, it might get us even closer," says Jett.

"And now we know the name of Tomiko's ship, that might come in useful later if we need to track her down," says Asha.

`iv-track-advance:15 - Find Tomiko's Relic|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Vows/15 - Find Tomiko's Relic.md|0|8|dangerous|1` 

---

`iv-move:Undertake an Expedition|Wits|5|3|0|7|6|move:starforged/exploration/undertake_an_expedition` 

`iv-oracle:Expanse|19|Planet|oracle_rollable:starforged/space/sighting/expanse` 

They come out of warp in orbit of a large, uninhabited planet.  They enjoy having a bit of quiet downtime after all the excitement of the past few jumps.

---

`iv-progress:Finish an Expedition|16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|7|6|4|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md|move:starforged/exploration/finish_an_expedition`  `iv-track-advance:discoveries|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Characters/Jett Foley/Jett Foley.md|6|10|epic|4`  `iv-track-advance:15 - Find Tomiko's Relic|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Vows/15 - Find Tomiko's Relic.md|8|16|dangerous|1`  `iv-track-complete:16 - Expedition to find Tomiko|The Starforged/Campaign Jett Foley/Progress/Jett/Expeditions/16 - Expedition to find Tomiko.md` 



